[Docs] begin the Rust track's merging guidelines document (#1926)
exercism/v3: languages/rust/reference/merge-strategy.md

# merging strategy

The Rust track maintainers [have decided](https://github.com/exercism/v3/discussions/1725#discussion-7438) to write down our merging strategy to communicate expectations and encourage quality contributions.

## general principles

> - we strive to accept _all_ contributions even when **not** perfect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- we strive to accept _all_ contributions, bringing them to a high standard of quality through collaborative, iterative review
```

>   - We adopt this principle of optimistic merging / Google engineering's code review handbook. See our [original discussion](https://github.com/exercism/v3/discussions/1725#discussion-7438) for appropriate sources.

Reviewer: I note that these first two lines do not adopt principle 2 from #1725, but principle 3. I still think that's a bad idea.

| Term               |                                                                                               Meaning |
| ------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Contributor        |                                                                  anyone adding a new concept exercise |
| Maintainer         |          Anyone who belongs to the [@exercism/rust team](https://github.com/orgs/exercism/teams/rust) |
| development branch | the [v3](https://github.com/exercism/v3) repository's default development branch. Currently `master`. |

### the workflow

1. Contributors start by opening a [draft pull request](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) with their changes
   2. Our track follows broader exercism community here. Using the draft feature signals the work is ready for high-level review.
2. One other maintainer shall review the contribution and provide feedback.
3. The contributor shall address essential feedback as part of the pull request.
4. The reviewer shall create a GitHub issue for tangential feedback not addressed in the original pull request.

>    6. The reviewer will lessen the contributor workload and preserve momentum by taking this step.

Reviewer: This is asymmetric: I posit that the increased reviewer workload to create N issues, where N is large, is greater than the reduced contributor workload just fixing a bunch of small nits immediately.

5. The maintainer shall review the feedback and either:
   8. approve
   9. request additional changes. At this point, the process returns to step 3.

> 6. Upon approval, the contributor shall merge their pull request.

Reviewer: Point 6 here doesn't work in the case of contributors who are not also maintainers.

Author: Thanks for catching! Updated the verbiage to cover this scenario.

> 6. Upon approval, the contributor shall merge their pull request.

Reviewer: This numbering scheme is nonstandard. Recommend either using 1 for all numbers, and letting the markdown renderer sort things, or using a human-compatible numbering scheme.

# merging strategy

The Rust track maintainers [have decided](https://github.com/exercism/v3/discussions/1725#discussion-7438) to write down our merging strategy to communicate expectations and encourage quality contributions.

## general principles

- we strive to accept _all_ contributions
  - We'll bring contributions to a high standard of quality through collaborative, iterative review.
  - We adopt a pessimistic merging approach. Think of maintainer reviews like the Rust compiler's feedback. The amount of feedback can feel overwhelming and frustrating. But we'll work with you to get it over the finish line! So keep up the good work.

> - One other maintainer should review a contributor's pull request.
> - At least one other maintainer should approve a pull request before merging it into the development branch.

Reviewer: I agree with these, but the wording is awkward. In particular, the word "other" feels out of place.

Also, this is enforced by github. I guess the point is to encode as policy what's currently enforced?

```suggestion
- Every pull request must have at least 1 "Approve", and no "Request Changes", from a track maintainer before it can be merged.
- No maintainer can approve their own PR.
```

Author: Good points.
Exactly. I believe it is helpful to declare how we use GitHub's features. I've worked on other OSS projects where the approvals were not used or used inconsistently.
You also qualified "track maintainer". I like that and feel like I should update the terms to make it explicit. In the Rust track we are talking about track maintainers, not just anyone in the Exercism organization.

## pull request workflow

### definitions

| Term               |                                                                                               Meaning |
| ------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |

> | Contributor        |                                                                 Anyone adding a new concept exercise. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Contributor        |                                                                 Anyone submitting a pull request. |
```

There are lots of contributions other than adding concept exercises, and we want to encourage that.

| Maintainer         |         Anyone who belongs to the [@exercism/rust team](https://github.com/orgs/exercism/teams/rust). |
| development branch | The [v3](https://github.com/exercism/v3) repository's default development branch. Currently `master`. |

### the workflow

> 1. Contributors start by opening a [draft pull request](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) with their changes
>    1. Our track follows broader exercism community here. Using the draft feature signals the work is ready for high-level review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Contributors start by opening a [draft](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) or a complete pull request with their changes
   1. Using the draft feature signals the work is ready for high-level review, but that details may currently be unimplemented, incomplete, or wrong.
   1. After an unspecified number of iterations of steps 2-3, the contributor marks the PR as ready for review.
```

Clarifying what distinguishes a draft from a full PR, and that contributors do not have to necessarily begin with a draft. Removed the bit about following community norms: that's both assumed, and kind of irrelevant.

1. One other maintainer shall review the contribution and provide feedback.

> 1. The contributor shall address _all_ maintainer feedback as part of the pull request.
>    1. Maintainers shall consider using GitHub's suggestion feature for nitpick or cut-and-dry changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The contributor shall address _all_ maintainer feedback as part of the pull request.
   1. Maintainers shall consider using GitHub's suggestion feature for nitpick or cut-and-dry changes.
   1. Pushback is encouraged when a contributor believes that they are right and a maintainer is wrong about a feedback item. "Addressing" a piece of feedback is not synonymous with slavishly implementing it.
```
